These are some known issues with rpg, their causes, and notes on plans for
addressing them. This list intentionally does not include missing features but
rather things that you are likely to run into during the course of using rpg.

- Packages with libraries or executables that assume they are installed under a
  directory-per-package structure and attempt to read files outside of their
  containing lib or bin directory will fail to locate those files. This
  typically manifests with library files that attempt to read a `VERSION` file
  from the package's root directory.

  The `rpg-shit-list` program is a crappy hack that attempts to patch certain
  popular libraries up during installation.

  There is as of yet no compelling proposed solution to this issue beyond
  requesting (preferably via patch) that package maintainers avoid making
  assumptions about the locations of library and executable files where
  possible.

- Packages with libraries or executables that call the Rubygems
  `gem(<name>, <version)` method to declare and load dependent packages at
  runtime will fail to locate the package (unless the gem is installed within
  rubygems environment). It is very rarely appropriate or beneficial for
  libraries to make these sort of calls explicitly since rubygems handles this
  by installing wrapper executables and also when loading packages via its
  `Kernel#require` hooks.

  There is no planned solution to this issue beyond asking package maintainers
  to avoid the `gem` method where not truly warranted.

- There is currently no (straightforward) way to manually resolve exclusive
  version conflicts during install. The install fails with a message stating
  that some "packages cannot be resolved". The most typical cause of exclusive
  version conflicts is when two or more packages being installed (or already
  installed) specify incompatible versions of package dependencies.

  An interactive version resolution system is planned.

- The rpg-uninstall program performs no dependency checking or recursive
  uninstallation of packages. Uninstalling packages that other packages depend
  on will result in an inconsistent environment.

  Support for dependency aware uninstallation is planned.

- Using rpg with a root-owned / system ruby requires root privileges unless
  a great many RPGXXX variables are tuned via rpg-config. Using rpg with a
  system ruby is not recommended at this time. Use with rvm or custom /
  non-system ruby installations for now.

  Full support for all of the following is planned: 1.) installing libraries
  into a system ruby environment, 2.) automatic privilege-deescalation on
  operations not requiring superuser privileges, and 3.) installing under
  multiple custom/configurable root-owned locations.

- Extension libraries that rely on the `make install` target to perform custom
  tasks may not be installed or function properly. It is assumed that extensions
  produce one or more shared object files; rpg installs these manually -- without
  invoking the `make install` target -- due to issues with tracking files
  installed.

- Some really awesome features of Rubygems are not yet supported. These include:
  installing packages with their development dependencies, installing
  pre-release packages, and installing packages from multiple source
  repositories. All of these features are planned and fairly high priority.
